Review process for new contributions (#289)
CABLE-LSM/CABLE: documentation/docs/developer_guide/contribution/review_guide.md

- [the required test results][tests-req] are provided
- the proposed changes address the problem explained in the issue and only this problem
- the proposed changes are correct
- the implementation of the changes follows the design of the CABLE model and will be maintainable

## Final checks before asking for review

Once you have finished the implementation of your changes and before asking for a review, please make sure:

- the description of the pull request is up-to-date.
- all the required test results are either linked to in comments or copied in. If you have performed tests beyond the required tests, make sure these tests and their results are described in comments in your pull request.
- the automated checks pass. Contact the @CABLE-LSM/admin team, through a comment in your pull request, if you need help understanding a failure of these tests.
- all conflicts have been solved.

## Asking for review

Once you are ready, [ask for a review by `CABLE-LSM/reviewers`][how-ask-review]. If you want a specific individual, you can use the same process to choose that person. Using the reviewers team is preferred as it will spread the workload across reviewers.

> In most cases, asking for one reviewer is enough. The system allows asking for multiple reviewers, please use this feature will parsimony. It is often easier to ask for a single reviewer first and add another reviewer later as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, asking for one reviewer is enough. The system allows asking for multiple reviewers, please use this feature sparingly. It is often easier to ask for a single reviewer first and add another reviewer later as necessary.
```

Small typo, simplified language.
